yoyoyo hello dragon city players and
welcome to another video brought to you
by dragon city guide.com a big place to
be if you want to know how to get all
the dragons in this game for today we
have a very nice combination in the
breeding sanctuary I'd read it
mud dragon with a Leviathan dragon and
they have been breeding for 36 hours if
you can imagine that so let's see what
beautiful dragon we will get out of this
combination and as I expected we get the
quake dragon ladies and gentlemen check
it out this is an awesome dragon the egg
will finish incubating in 50 hours but
because I want to show you this dragon
to you I'm not going to wait for it so
let's pay 50 gems and check it out the
quake dragon is available so let's place
it into a war habitat right here check
it out the quake baby dragon very nice
dragon check him out he loves to play
with our planet and he's a very happy
dragon check it at all naughty dragon
this baby dragon can produce earthquakes
and he's really proud of this thing so
let's level him up to level 4
all right now the quake dragon can fly
and check him out he will do a lot of
damage oh my god very nice animation now
let's level him up to level 7 check it
out the quake dragon is now more
powerful and he can produce a lot more
damage check it out
alright let's rename it to earthquake
all right
now let's level him up a little 15 and
see with what attacks we can train him
with check him out very cool big dragon
let's go to the training center and
select the quake dragon right here ok
the earthquake dragon is a three element
dragon Tara water and work so you can
train him with asteroid attack karate
Brick Break attack acid rain attack and
the Astro hit attack which is the most
powerful attack you can train this
dragon with so make sure to train him
with Astro hit if you want him to do a
lot of damage in combat all right guys
now you know how to get the quake dragon
by breeding mud dragon with Leviathan
dragon and if they breed for 36 hours
you will get for sure the quake dragon
if you like this video please share it
with your friends and make sure to
subscribe in order to get notified when
I upload at the next video also if you
want to know how to get all the other
dragons in this game go to dragon city
guide comm big place to be if you want
to be a pro in Dragon city until next
time have an awesome day and have fun in
Dragon city or rag